# Employee-Department-Projects-Database_Web-Base

## Description
You will create a Web-based interface for some functions on our Employee-Department-Projects Database. All functions must be accessible by clicking on a button from the main page of the application.  

## Functions
### Allow user to insert a new Project
* When the user clicks the Insert Project link, a web-page (form) provides the user-input fields to enter the project data (Project number, Name, Location, Controlling Dept). The Controlling Department must be a selection list generated by a query to find all department numbers from the Department table.  

### Allow the user to de-activate an existing Project  
* When the user clicks the Deactivate Project link, then a web-page (form) provides a list of existing project numbers and their names.  
* The user selects a project to be deactivated -> all employees who are work on the project are removed from that project (of course, their data still remains in the Employee table); also, the project data is removed from the Projects table.  

### Update worker information for a project  
* When the user clicks Update Project link, then a web-page (form) provides a list of existing project numbers and their names.
* When the user selects a project, then the new form shows a list of all employees working on the selected project (SSN, First and Last names), and the number of Hours per week.
* For each employee, the user is given the choice to (i) remove employee from the project; or (ii) modify the number of Hours per week.
* The same form should also allow us to insert a new Employee to the project. A selection list shows the SSN and Names of all Employees that are not currently working on that project, and a text input field may be used to enter the Hours per week.

### Provide project summary report
* When the user clicks Project Summary link, then a web-page (form) provides a selection list of existing project numbers and their names.
* The user may select one or more Projects from this list; there is also an option for ‘All projects’.
* When the user submits this list, the following information is generated:  
  * Overall project information:
  * Project Name, Number, Controlling Dept name, Name of Manager of controlling Dept, total number of employees working   on the project, and total number of hours spent by all employees working on that project, and total personnel cost of the project.
